WHAT IS IT ABOUT ME?
DO I NOT LOOK FUN ENOUGH?
IS THERE SOMETHING...
REPELLENT ABOUT ME?
SO, HOW WAS THE PARTY?
IT COULDN'T HAVE BEEN WORSE.
A WOMAN LITERALLY
PASSED THROUGH ME.
SO, WHAT IS IT?
AM I HIDEOUSLY UNATTRACTIVE?
NO, YOU ARE NOT.
YOU ARE VERY
ATTRACTIVE.
I GO THROUGH THE SAME THING.
EVERY TIME I PUT ON
A LITTLE WEIGHT
I START QUESTIONING EVERYTHING.
WHOA, WHOA.
I'VE... I'VE PUT ON
A LITTLE WEIGHT?
DID YOU WANT TO...
YEAH.
NO, NOT "WEIGHT."
YOU KNOW,
MORE LIKE "INSULATION."
I'M UNEMPLOYED AND IN
DIRE NEED OF A PROJECT.
YOU WANT TO WORK OUT?
I CAN REMAKE YOU.
I WOULD, BUT THAT
MIGHT GET IN THE WAY
OF MY LYING AROUND TIME.
PLEASE.
COME ON.
LET HER DO IT.
OKAY, BUT IF WE
PUT ON SPANDEX
AND MY BOOBS ARE
BIGGER THAN YOURS
I'M GOING HOME.
YOUR BOOBS ARE FINE.
I NEVER SHOULD
HAVE SAID ANYTHING.
COME HERE. COME HERE.
OH... CAN'T... MAKE...
HANDS... MEET.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY,
YOUR WEEK ♪
♪ YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
OKAY, LET'S DO IT.
WHAT?
NOTHING. JUST NEVER SEEN YOU
IN LITTLE STRETCHY PANTS BEFORE.
AND WE'RE CHANGING.
GO! GO! GO! GO!
( groans )
COME ON, GIVE
ME FIVE MORE.
FIVE MORE!
NO!
FIVE MORE AND I'LL FLASH YOU.
ONE!
TWO!
TWO AND A HALF!
OKAY, JUST SHOW ME
ONE OF THEM.
OW! OW! OW! OW! OW!
SHE'S INSANE.
THE WOMAN IS INSANE.
IT'S BEFORE WORK.
IT'S AFTER WORK.
IT'S DURING WORK.
SHE'S GOT ME DOING
BUTT CLENCHES AT MY DESK.
THEY WON'T BRING ME
MY MAIL ANYMORE.
PHEEBS, HOW DID IT GO
WITH SCOTT LAST NIGHT?
IT WAS NICE.
TOOK HIM
TO A ROMANTIC RESTAURANT.
ORDERED CHAMPAGNE. NICE.
THE GUY STILL
WON'T PUT OUT?
NOPE, ZILCH, NOTHIN', HUH-UH.
SORRY, PHEEBS.
LOOK, I DON'T MIND
TAKING IT SLOW.
I LIKE HIM A LOT.
HE'S REALLY INTERESTING
AND HE'S REALLY SWEET.
WHY WON'T HE GIVE IT UP?
MAYBE HE DRIVES HIS CAR
ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE ROAD
IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
NO, WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
HE'S NOT BRITISH.
MAYBE HE'S GAY.
OH.
NO, I DON'T THINK
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
'CAUSE WE WENT DANCING
THE OTHER NIGHT
AND JUST THE WAY
HE HELD ME SO CLOSE
AND THE WAY
HE WAS LOOKING INTO MY EYES
I JUST... I DEFINITELY
FELT SOMETHING.
BUT HOW MUCH CAN YOU TELL
FROM A LOOK?
NO, I FELT IT ON MY HIP.
YO, BING!
RACQUETBALL IN 20 MINUTES.
JOEY, BE A PAL.
LIFT UP MY HAND
AND SMACK HER WITH IT.
OH, RACHEL, DON'T LOOK.
WHAT?
COME ON, YOU GUYS,
I DON'T CARE.
I HAVE A DATE
TONIGHT.
WHOA! YOU HAVE A DATE?
YEAH. MONICA SET ME UP.
WHAT ABOUT ROSS AND...
WHAT, MY WHOLE
INSANE JEALOUSY THING?
WELL, YOU KNOW,
AS MUCH FUN AS THAT WAS
I'VE DECIDED TO OPT FOR SANITY.
YOU'RE REALLY OKAY
ABOUT ALL THIS?
OH, YEAH. COME ON.
I'M MOVING ON.
HE CAN PRESS HER UP
AGAINST THAT WINDOW
AS MUCH AS HE WANTS.
FOR ALL I CARE
HE CAN THROW HER
THROUGH THE DAMN THING.
HI, GUYS.
MONICA, I FIGURED
I'D COME BY TOMORROW MORNING
AND PICK UP FLUFFY'S
OLD CAT TOYS, OKAY?
ONLY IF YOU SAY HIS FULL NAME.
CAN I COME OVER TOMORROW
AND PICK UP FLUFFY
MEOWINGTON'S CAT TOYS?
ALL RIGHT.
YOU'RE GETTING
A CAT?
ACTUALLY, WE'RE
GETTING A CAT.
TOGETHER?
UH-HUH.
BOTH OF YOU?
TOGETHER?
IT'LL LIVE HALF THE
TIME WITH EACH OF US.
OH, WELL, ISN'T
THAT JUST LOVELY?
THAT'S SOMETHING
THE TWO OF YOU WILL
BE ABLE TO ENJOY
FOR A REALLY, REALLY
REALLY, REALLY,
REALLY LONG TIME.
HOPEFULLY.
WHOA! LOOK AT THAT!
I GOT A DATE.
WITH A MAN.
OKAY.
YOU GUYS HAVE
A REALLY GOOD NIGHT.
AND YOU TWO HAVE A... UH...
HAVE A REALLY GOOD CAT.
WE'RE NOT SUPPOSED
TO TAKE THESE WHEN WE LEAVE.
I DON'T KNOW IF
MONICA TOLD YOU
BUT THIS IS THE FIRST
DATE I'VE GONE ON
SINCE MY DIVORCE.
SO, IF I SEEM
A LITTLE NERVOUS.
I AM.
HOW LONG DO CATS LIVE?
I'M SORRY?
CATS. HOW LONG DO THEY LIVE?
FIGURING YOU DON'T THROW THEM
UNDER A BUS OR SOMETHING.
UM... MAYBE 15, 16 YEARS.
WELL, THAT'S JUST GREAT.
CHEERS!
RIGHT.
CLINK.
MONICA TOLD YOU I WAS CUTER
THAN THIS, DIDN'T SHE?
OH, NO, MICHAEL.
IT'S NOT YOU.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S THIS THING.
IT'S PROBABLY NOT
AS BAD AS IT SOUNDS
BUT THIS FRIEND OF MINE
IS GETTING A CAT
WITH HIS GIRLFRIEND.
OH. THAT DOES SOUND...
HUH.
I MEAN, HE JUST STARTED
GOING OUT WITH HER.
IS THIS GUY
AN OLD BOYFRIEND?
HA! HA! HA! HA!
YEAH, HE WISHES.
OH, I'M SORRY.
LOOK AT ME.
OKAY, MICHAEL,
LET'S TALK ABOUT YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY.
SO...
YOU EVER GET A PET
WITH A GIRLFRIEND?
SO, I FIGURED IT OUT.
WHAT?
WHY SCOTT DOESN'T
WANT TO SLEEP WITH ME.
IT'S 'CAUSE I'M NOT SEXY ENOUGH.
OH, PHOEBE,
THAT'S CRAZY.
WHEN I FIRST MET YOU
YOU KNOW WHAT I
SAID TO CHANDLER?
I SAID, "EXCELLENT
BUTT, GREAT RACK."
REALLY?
THAT'S SO SWEET.
I MEAN,
I'M OFFICIALLY OFFENDED
BUT IT'S SO SWEET.
PHEEBS, LOOK.
IF YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHAT THE DEAL IS
YOU'LL HAVE TO ASK HIM.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU ARE SO "YUM."
I MEAN, IT'S A CAT.
YOU KNOW?
IT'S A CAT.
WHY CAN'T THEY GET
ONE OF THOSE BUGS?
ONE OF THOSE FRUIT FLIES.
THOSE THINGS THAT LIVE
FOR A DAY.
WHAT ARE THEY CALLED?
FRUIT FLIES?
YES!
THANK YOU.
WOULD YOU LIKE
ANY DESSERT?
NO!
NO DESSERT.
JUST THE CHECK... PLEASE.
OH, NO.
YOU'RE NOT HAVING FUN, ARE YOU?
NO, NO, I AM.
BUT ONLY BECAUSE, FOR
THE LAST HOUR AND A HALF
I'VE BEEN PLAYING THE
MOVIE DINER IN MY HEAD.
OH, LOOK AT ME.
LOOK AT ME.
I'M ON A DATE
WITH A REALLY GREAT GUY
AND ALL I CAN
THINK ABOUT IS ROSS
AND HIS CAT
AND HIS JULIE.
I JUST WANT TO GET OVER HIM.
GOD, WHY CAN'T I DO THAT?
OY!
I'VE BEEN THROUGH A DIVORCE.
TRUST ME,
YOU'RE GOING TO BE FINE.
YOU JUST CAN'T SEE IT NOW
BECAUSE YOU HAVEN'T
HAD ANY CLOSURE.
OH!
CLOSURE.
THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
THAT'S WHAT I NEED.
GOD, YOU'RE BRILLIANT!
WHY DIDN'T I...
HOW DO I GET THAT?
WELL, THERE'S NO ONE WAY,
REALLY.
IT'S JUST, YOU KNOW
WHATEVER IT TAKES
SO YOU CAN FINALLY SAY TO HIM
"I'M OVER YOU."
THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
CLOSURE.
OH. HELLO.
EXCUSE ME.
WHOA!
HANG ON.
WHAT?
I NEED TO
BORROW YOUR PHONE
FOR JUST ONE MINUTE.
I'M TALKING.
I CAN SEE THAT.
JUST ONE PHONE CALL.
I'LL BE VERY QUICK.
I'LL EVEN PAY
FOR IT MYSELF.
YOU'RE BEING A LITTLE
WEIRD ABOUT YOUR PHONE.
Man:
ALL RIGHT. FINE.
I'LL CALL YOU BACK.
THANK YOU.
OKAY.
MACHINE.
JUST WAITING FOR THE BEEP.
GOOD.
ROSS, HI.
IT'S RACHEL.
I'M JUST CALLING
TO SAY THAT... UM...
EVERYTHING'S FINE.
AND I'M REALLY HAPPY FOR YOU
AND YOUR CAT.
WHO, BY THE WAY
I THINK YOU SHOULD
NAME MICHAEL.
AND, YOU KNOW, YOU SEE THERE
I'M THINKING OF NAMES
SO, OBVIOUSLY, I AM OVER YOU.
I... AM OVER...
YOU.
AND THAT, MY FRIEND
IS WHAT THEY CALL "CLOSURE."
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO
NO, NO!
MONICA, IT'S SUNDAY MORNING.
I'M NOT RUNNING ON A SUNDAY.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE IT'S SUNDAY!
IT'S GOD'S DAY.
HEY, YOU SAY STOP
AND WE STOP.
( chuckles ):
OKAY!
STOP.
NO! COME ON! WE CAN'T STOP!
COME ON! WE GOT
THREE MORE POUNDS TO GO!
I AM THE ENERGY TRAIN
AND YOU ARE ON BOARD.
( imitating train ):
WOO-WOO!
WOO.
( knocking on door )
HEY, RACH.
( moans softly )
OH. AND HOW
WAS THE DATE?
UM, I THINK THERE WAS
A RESTAURANT.
I KNOW THERE WAS WINE.
WOW, WELL, UH...
ACTUALLY,
JULIE'S DOWNSTAIRS GETTING A CAB
I JUST NEED
THE CAT TOYS.
DID MONICA SAY....
WHAT, WHY... WHY ARE YOU LOOKING
AT ME LIKE THAT?
I'M SO... I DON'T KNOW.
I... I FEEL LIKE I HAD
A DREAM ABOUT YOU LAST NIGHT.
BUT... I DON'T REMEMBER.
OKAY.
OH, OH, OH.
( clears throat )
DID WE SPEAK
ON THE PHONE LAST NIGHT?
DID YOU CALL ME?
NO. I STAYED
AT JULIE'S LAST NIGHT.
HUH.
ACTUALLY, I HAVEN'T
EVEN BEEN HOME YET.
DO YOU MIND IF I CHECK
MY MESSAGES?
OH, YEAH. GO AHEAD.
RACH, I GOT A MESSAGE
FROM YOU.
WHO'S MICHAEL?
OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD, ROSS, NO.
HANG UP THE PHONE!
GIVE ME THE PHONE, ROSS!
GIVE ME THE PHONE!
GIVE ME THE..!
YOU'RE OVER ME?
OH, GOD!
WHA? YOU'RE UH...
YOU'RE... YOU'RE OVER ME?
( moaning )
( softly ):
OH, MY GOD.
OH!
WHEN... WHEN WERE YOU...
UNDER ME?
( moaning ):
OH, GOD...
RACH?
RACHEL, DO YOU...
I MEAN, WERE YOU, UH...
WHAT?
OKAY, OKAY.
WELL...
BASICALLY, LATELY I'VE, UH...
( clears throat )
I'VE, UH, SORT OF HAD FEELINGS
FOR YOU.
( sighs )
YOU'VE... HAD FEELINGS FOR ME.
YEAH? SO?
YOU HAD FEELINGS FOR ME FIRST.
WHOA!
YOU KNOW ABOUT MY...
I MEAN, YOU KNOW I HAD...
YOU KNOW? YOU...
CHANDLER TOLD ME.
CHANDLER. WHEN DID HE,
WHEN DID HE, WHEN DID HE?
WHEN YOU WERE IN CHINA.
CHINA.
MEETING JULIE.
JULIE. JULIE.
THAT'S... OH, GOD.
JULIE, JULIE.
RIGHT. OKAY,
I NEED TO LIE DOWN.
NO, YOU KNOW,
I'M GOING TO STAND.
I'M GOING TO STAND
AND I'M GOING TO WALK.
I'M WALKING AND...
I AM STANDING.
OKAY, SO YOU, UH...
AND NOW, WHAT...
AND NOW, NOW
NOW YOU'RE OVER ME?
ARE YOU OVER ME?
( buzzer buzzes )
THAT'S... THAT'S JULIE.
THAT'S JU... JULIE.
JULIE!
HI, JULIE!
Hi, honey.
I've got a cab waiting.
I'LL BE RIGHT DOWN.
WAIT, SO, YOU'RE GOING?
WELL, OKAY. I HAVE TO.
I CAN'T DEAL
WITH THIS RIGHT NOW.
I MEAN, I'VE UH...
YOU KNOW, I'VE GOT A CAB.
I'VE GOT A GIRLFRIEND.
I'M GOING TO GO GET A CAT.
OKAY, OKAY.
CAT.
( singing in Hebrew )
( playing solo )
WHY ARE YOU WATCHING A RABBI
PLAYING ELECTRIC GUITAR?
I CAN'T FIND THE REMOTE.
OH. THANK YOU.
SO SCOTT ASKED ME
TO COME OVER
FOR LUNCH TODAY AND I DID.
AND..?
AND WE DID.
ALL RIGHT, PHEEBS!
WAY TO GO!
YAY ME.
SO... SO HOW DID IT HAPPEN?
I FINALLY TOOK
YOUR ADVICE
AND ASKED HIM
WHAT WAS GOING ON
AND WHAT DID HE SAY?
HE SAID
THAT HE UNDERSTANDS
HOW SEX CAN BE A VERY
EMOTIONAL THING FOR A WOMAN
AND HE WAS JUST AFRAID
THAT I WAS GOING TO GET
ALL "IS-HE-GOING-TO-CALL-ME
THE-NEXT-DAY?"
AND, YOU KNOW,
"WHERE-IS-THIS-GOING?"
AND BLAH-BLAH-BLAH,
SO HE SAID
HE WANTED TO HOLD OFF
UNTIL HE WAS PREPARED
TO BE REALLY SERIOUS.
WOW.
YEAH. SO I SAID,
"OKAY, RELAX, PLEASE."
YOU KNOW?
I MEAN
SEX CAN BE JUST ABOUT
TWO PEOPLE RIGHT THERE
IN THE MOMENT, YOU KNOW.
IF HE WANTS TO SEE ME AGAIN,
HE CAN CALL
AND IF NOT,
THAT'S FINE TOO.
SO AFTER A LOT OF TALKING...
I CONVINCED HIM.
LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT:
HE GOT YOU TO BEG
TO SLEEP WITH HIM.
HE GOT YOU TO SAY HE NEVER
HAS TO CALL YOU AGAIN
AND
HE GOT YOU THINKING
THIS IS A GREAT IDEA?
UH-HUH.
THIS MAN IS MY GOD.
GOOD NIGHT, GUNTHER.
HI.
I DIDN'T GET A CAT.
OH, THAT'S, UM...
INTERESTING.
NO. NO, IT'S NOT
INTERESTING, OKAY?
IT'S VERY, VERY
NOT INTERESTING.
IT'S ACTUALLY
100% COMPLETELY
THE OPPOSITE
OF INTERESTING.
I GOT IT, ROSS.
YOU HAD NO RIGHT TO TELL ME
YOU HAD FEELINGS FOR ME.
WHAT?!
I WAS DOING GREAT WITH JULIE
BEFORE I FOUND OUT.
HEY, I WAS DOING GREAT
YOU THINK IT'S EASY FOR ME
TO SEE YOU WITH JULIE?
YOU SHOULD HAVE SAID SOMETHING
BEFORE I MET HER!
I DIDN'T KNOW THEN!
HOW COME YOU NEVER
SAID ANYTHING TO ME?
THERE WAS NEVER
A GOOD TIME.
RIGHT! YOU ONLY HAD A YEAR.
WE ONLY HUNG OUT EVERY NIGHT.
NOT... NOT...
NOT... EVERY NIGHT.
YOU KNOW
AND IT'S NOT
LIKE I DIDN'T TRY, RACHEL
BUT THINGS GOT IN THE WAY
YOU KNOW, LIKE ITALIAN GUYS
OR EX-FIANCEES
OR, OR, OR... ITALIAN GUYS.
HEY-- THERE WAS ONE ITALIAN GUY,
OKAY?
AND DO YOU EVEN HAVE A POINT?
THE POINT IS I... I DON'T
NEED THIS RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
IT'S TOO LATE.
I'M WITH SOMEBODY ELSE.
I'M HAPPY.
THIS SHIP HAS SAILED.
YOU'RE GOING
TO JUST PUT AWAY FEELINGS
OR WHATEVER YOU FELT?
HEY, I'VE BEEN DOING IT
SINCE THE NINTH GRADE.
FINE. YOU DO THAT
ALL RIGHT, ROSS?
I DON'T NEED YOUR STUPID SHIP!
GOOD.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
NOW I GOT CLOSURE!
OH!
( sobbing softly )
TRY THE BOTTOM ONE.
MONICA, IT'S 6:30
IN THE MORNING.
WE'RE NOT WORKING OUT.
IT'S OVER.
NO WAY!
WITH ONE POUND TO GO? COME ON!
♪ WE'RE WORKING ♪
♪ WE'RE MOVING ♪
♪ WE'RE IN THE ZONE,
WE'RE GROOVING. ♪
OKAY, I DON'T MIND
THE LAST POUND, OKAY?
IN FACT, I KIND OF LIKE
THE LAST POUND.
OKAY?
SO DON'T MAKE ME DO ANYTHING
THAT I'LL REGRET.
OH! WHAT YOU GOING
TO DO, FAT BOY?
HUH?
WHAT?
NOTHING. EXCEPT TELL YOU
I THINK IT'S WONDERFUL
HOW MUCH ENERGY YOU HAVE.
WELL! THANKS.
I MEAN
ESPECIALLY CONSIDERING
HOW TOUGH IT'S BEEN
FOR YOU TO FIND WORK.
WELL, YOU KNOW, YOU...
YOU KNOW, I MEAN
YOU CAN'T TELL YOUR PARENTS
YOU WERE FIRED
BECAUSE THEY'D BE
DISAPPOINTED.
UH-HUH.
AND IT'S NOT
AS IF YOU HAVE
A BOYFRIEND'S SHOULDER
TO CRY ON.
WELL, NO, BUT, UH...
I MEAN, IF IT WERE ME
I THINK I'D HAVE DIFFICULTY
JUST GETTING OUT OF BED
AT ALL.
YOU KNOW, I TRY
TO STAY POSITIVE.
SO, YOU...
YOU FEEL LIKE GOING FOR A RUN?
ALL RIGHT.
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
YOU DON'T HAVE TO.
IF YOU WANT, YOU COULD JUST
TAKE A NAP RIGHT HERE.
OKAY.
JUST FOR A LITTLE WHILE.